\section{Synthetic Data Architecture}
	To test and run ProGENitor, a database with data must be present.  As there was
not an existing one readily available, synthetic data needed to be generated and
populated into a database.  The SQL code allows for a file containing comma
separated values to be loaded into the database.  Thus, code to generate this
file with meaningful data was required.  
	
A Perl program was written to generate an uploadable data file.  Each line in
the data file first indicates the database the line should be loaded into and
then the user id the data is associated with.  Each individual user is assumed
to have a distinct user id.  The subsequent data in each row is built off a
random selection from an array of data for each column.  For example, when
generating the university for a particular user's education node, a text file
containing potential universities is loaded into an array and then the value is
randomly selected from the array.  This is done for each piece of data loaded
into the database, such  that the database looks like it contains real user
data.  The randomness can be controlled and particular elements can be weighted
so they show up more frequently.  Additionally, the paths and frequency users
traverse through nodes can also be adjusted through variables and the content
within the text files.  This process will be stepped through in detail in
Chapter~3.

\subsection{Mock Data Technology Stack}
Perl was the language chosen for the data generation for multiple reasons.  The
language excels at text manipulation.  The regular expressions are excellent, as
are the array processing capabilities.  As Perl is a scripting language, it is
not bound by the many rules surrounding an object orientated language.  Thus,
there was no need to keep track of variable types and the code required to do
many things was much more concise.  The language also very easily manipulates
files.  For all of these reasons, creating the data set to be loaded into the
database could be done quickly and easily through Perl scripting.
